Feature Depends on functionalities and Set mandatory fields via UI Meta flag (#187)
GoogleCloudPlatform/rad-lab: docs/docs/rad-lab-ui/ui_configure/ui-meta.md

```

## Updatesafe

After a module has been deployed (the project created and resources created within it), some Terraform updates can be **destructive**. To warn the users that they may be performing a potentially destructive action, the `updatesafe` key word is added (or omitted) to the `UIMeta`.

Any time a user makes an update to an existing deployment, the `updatesafe` values are checked. If **ANY** of the changed variables do **NOT** have the `updatesafe` keyword, the user will be warned that they likely will lose data by applying the update. Put another way, only if **ALL** the changed variables are `updatesafe` will the prompt be skipped.

> ## Mandatory

Reviewer: Can we rename the key word from `mandatory` to `required`? It's a much more common term for this.

> Some of the variables are required to have value for deployment, in order to make it mandatory of the variables is determined by the `mandatory` keyword. User must have to enter some values for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the variables are required to have value for deployment. If not `default` value works, ensure you set the `required` UIMeta keyword. Users will then be required to provide a value before deploying.
```

**(Example)** `billing_account_id` will be shown as required for users and User must have to provide the input.

```terraform
variable "billing_account_id" {
  description = "Billing Account associated to the GCP Resources. {{UIMeta group=0 order=3 required }}"
  type        = string
}
```

## Depends On

Some of the variables are depends on other variables input, in order to make it dependent of the variables is determined by the `dependson` keyword. So based on user input and depends on condition satified to be shown the dependent variables.

> **(Example)** `container_image_repository` will be shown once `create_container_image` value will be true, similarly `ip_cidr_range` will be shown once `create_network` and `create_usermanaged_notebook` value will be true , similarly for other variables it will work based on `dependson` conditions with `||` and `&&` operands.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**(Example)** `container_image_repository` will be shown once `create_container_image` value will be true, similarly `ip_cidr_range` will be shown once `create_network` and `create_usermanaged_notebook` value will be true , similarly for other variables it will work based on `dependson` conditions with `||` and `&&` operands.

It is recommended to put dependent variables immediately (or soon) after their parent variable by using the UIMeta `group` and `order` variables. This helps make a more logical, consistent flow for users.
```

```terraform
variable "container_image_repository" {
  description = "Container Image Repo, only set if creating container image notebook instance by setting \`create_container_image\` variable to true. {{UIMeta group=2 order=4 dependson=(create_container_image==true) mandatory }}"
  type        = string
  default     = ""
}

variable "ip_cidr_range" {
  description = "Unique IP CIDR Range for AI Notebooks subnet {{UIMeta group=3 order=5 dependson=(create_network==true&&create_usermanaged_notebook==true) mandatory}}"
  type        = string
  default     = "10.142.190.0/24"
}

variable "network_name" {
  description = "Name of the network to be created. {{UIMeta group=3 order=2 dependson=(create_usermanaged_notebook==true||enable_gpu_driver==true) mandatory}}"
  type        = string
  default     = "ai-notebook"
}

variable "subnet_name" {
  description = "Name of the subnet where to deploy the Notebooks. {{UIMeta group=3 dependson=((enable_gpu_driver==true||create_usermanaged_notebook==true)&&(create_network==true||set_external_ip_policy==true)) mandatory}}"
  type        = string
  default     = "subnet-ai-notebook"

> }

Reviewer: Please remove the **first** and **last** parentheses wrapping the `dependsons` content
